[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Why were the Reptilians and
Giants chosen to seed Planet
Earth?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we will
explore these two species
and uncover the codes they
left for human awakening.
The main plan of the
Elohim was to create
a way subtle information
from other dimensions
could be experienced in
three-dimensional realities.
So what they had to do was to
create a path so they could
leave, they could
experience, they
could understand step by step
every part of the creation.
As we talked once before,
positive and negative,
in duality, are the forces that
help us create the realities
and to improve the
system by polarity.
Polarity is the
key to understand
how to improve through problems,
through solving questions that
happens all the time in life.
So what we had to
do was to create
a path that state by
state could take us
from positive to negative,
from negative to positive,
once again creating what we
call the DNA and this chain
of electrons that brings
us towards evolution
in this eternal spiral.
The consciousness
travels through mind
and also through emotion.
Emotion is the energy that
allows us to record everything
that happens in our lives.
Emotions is the soul, the
main source of every memory.
So we needed emotions
to create more energy,
to create more organs,
to create more abilities
so, like a library,
we could record
every memory of every experience
during the whole evolution.
And in the other hand, we
had to go through the mind.
We had to go through the process
of understanding the reality
through the meditation,
through thinking,
through all the information.
So that's why the
Elohim create species
that would help the negative
energy and the positive energy,
and both of them had to work
together to create new systems,
new evolution, new
bodies in which
we could experience different
ways of understanding.
In Atlantean times, we
used to call these two
ways the Sofhir and the Neymir.
They were the first
beings on arriving
to this planet that
represented for us
the negative and the positive.
They were not good or bad.
They were just
different ways in which
we could experience how
to evolve through emotions
and through mind.
When we needed to
record all the data
from every step of evolution,
we needed all the registry
of emotions in
survival, because when
beings in the fifth dimension,
the fourth dimension
are eternal, they don't have
this meaning of survival
because they don't have death.
If they don't have
an ending process,
so what we have is
eternal beings that
doesn't know what is
to survive, doesn't
know what is to keep
going and creating
more data and information.
So that's why, in
the fourth dimension,
we decided in the
universe to create death.
That's created for the
three-dimensional beings
the information of survival.
So every species, every
being since bacteria
until us has this code that what
we have to do is to survive,
and all this
information that we now
have in our body of survival
is because of the Reptilians.
In Atlantis, we call
the Reptilians Sofhir.
Sofhir were this
main species that
represented all the codes and
the information of survival
in planets like Earth.
They knew by experience
in every planet
that they had lived
how to survive,
how to understand the
world, how to pass
the information through blood
to other beings along history.
So that's why Reptilians
and all the legacy
that they had before and after
them were the codes of emotion.
They used emotion to
capture information.
They used emotion to awake
the power of information.
And that's why they needed
to live to experience
and to survive.
They were the first beings
to teach how it is to survive
and to be eternal,
even exist in death.
In the other hand, we have the
Giants that in Atlantean time
we call the Neymir.
Neymir were these beings
that came to Earth to keep
the information in the ice.
They captured
information outside,
and they were the
recorders of everything
that happened in history.
So they were working
with the mind.
They just used
telepathy to talk,
and they only lived
in cold places.
So that's why all the registry
that we have from them
is enclosed by the North
Pole or Antarctica.
The Neymir had this raw
way of showing themselves.
They were covered by
skins because of the cold.
They were pale.
They had this similar shapes
to our ancient humans,
but they were really big.
That's why we call
them the Giants,
and they had some
kind of contact
with humans at some
point of the history.
But they were really
close to the contact
to any other species.
So they wouldn't come
to reach humanity.
Humans would go and
reach for them to advice.
We thought that they were
gods because they were living
in places that
humans couldn't live
and they were closer
to the heavens.
And we knew that they
were one of the most
ancient beings in human
shape here in the planet.
The first time that
Neymir has come to Earth
was around one
million years ago.
They were from
planets that was cold.
So that's why they
were connected
to the information of the cold,
the ice, the library of nature.
That's why they settle in the
north in Scandinavia, Siberia,
Alaska, Canada, Greenland, all
this region mostly in Siberia
because the biggest portal
of the planet in the cold
was North Pole,
the physical one,
and magnetically it was
the Baikal Lake in Siberia.
These regions were the ones
that opened the information
for the moon and the feminine
aspect of the universe
to come to the Earth.
So that's why they choose
that region to create
a civilization, the
civilization created
that we now know as Hyperboria.
Hyperboria was this group
of people, hundreds of them,
that lived in small groups, like
tribes, around the cold areas.
And they used to go to
the core of the planet
through the caves,
through the tunnels that
connected the underground
system of the planet.
So they would be able to
live in cold temperature,
holding all this
information from the ice.
These Giants were guided
by other cultures,
other beings from
other planets to seed
the information in the ice.
We know water was the
body of the planet,
and they had to take care of
the information of the planet
before any consciousness
would come to this planet.
So that's why before humans
arise as cultural beings,
as beings with
awareness of themself,
they had to come here
to prepare the ice
to record every information
from other planets.
Water is a living being
that changes the shapes
through vibration.
It adapts to the
vibration surrounding it.
So that's why the Giants
and many other beings
use vibration and
music, singings, to put
the information on the ice.
So they were the
first beings that
taught to humanity how to
sing, to talk with the world,
to speak with nature.
That's why Giants
were at the first time
the guides of how to read the
books of the ice and the snow,
how to read the information,
and then also, like we did,
they lost that connection.
So they used to sing.
They used to have these big
stone circles and big stone
temples where they used to
do these ceremonies, just two
or three of them, to encode
the information in this planet,
bringing it from the
stars during the night
and singing the codes
from the stars to the ice.
The first Neymir
were the keepers.
They were in charge of keeping
the eyes of the planet open,
the doors to other dimensions.
The two eyes of the planet we
call the door of North Pole
and the door of South Pole.
Well, they call
these whole places
where you can get inside
Earth, but it's not
physically inside Earth.
It's going through Earth
to other dimensions too.
So they were the keepers of
those two eyes of the planet.
But when they split and they
separated when the climate
change came, they
survived through history
because they were
moving around parts
of the planet like
Europe and Middle East
and Asia and North America.
While this Ice Age reached
really far south in the planet,
they were able to live even
closer to the Mediterranean
and to the Indian Sea.
So that created many
different countries or regions
where they were living,
and that was in the time
where humans arrived and
there exist Homo sapiens.
The Giants were
beings that were not
in a organized civilization.
They were all split around,
and they were lonely.
Maybe two or three of them were
taking care of a whole region
because they were
not very friendly.
So even if they were good,
they were not very friendly.
They were more like bears.
They took care of caves
of ice, and that's it.
Nobody would talk to
them until they decided
to use humans to reproduce.
For the memories they had, the
Sofhir, the second in coming,
they came from the underground,
not from the skies.
The fathers of the Sofhir
were the Draconians,
and they came from the stars.
But the Reptilians were
created here on this planet.
The Elohim needed to create
this path towards evolution
of consciousness.
They were reaching through
Draco constellation how
they could build a
beam that could have
the ability to survive, to
adapt, to live in a very
difficult environment,
like in this planet,
and also have the information
within through emotion.
Draconians were not like
Dragons or Reptilians.
They were different.
They had different
types of bodies.
They had long arms, and they
barely used the legs to walk.
And Draconians were really
cold, and they were geneticists.
So they started to look for
beings in different planets
that would be able to hold their
information and to survive.
They found here on Earth that
these reptiles beings start
to evolve like the dinosaurs,
and they took some samples
from this planet to create a
conscious, an aware being that
would be able to bring all the
information from all the stars
and survive in this
changing planet.
The Reptilians, the
Sofhir, were the ones
that had all this
information within,
and they had the ability
to survive in this planet
because they took the
information from the reptiles
of this planet.
Reptilians had this body similar
to their fathers and mothers
from the stars.
The image I have from
them was being curved
and having these canes
to represent the power
of the snake on Earth.
They were kind of similar to
humans because they had hands,
they had arms, but they
had the skin of snakes.
They had the skin of
Reptilians from this planet.
So they had these yellow eyes,
these different types of mouth,
like kind of a reptile human.
As I can remember
the stories that I've
been told from Reptilians,
they used to live in the caves
and used to live
very far from humans
in the mountains
and the deserts.
So they were a very
reclusive species.
Like lizards, like
many reptiles,
they used to work alone, and
they had their own spaces
in the desert, in the
mountains, so they wouldn't
have this structure of
society that we could think
about cities, about
dressing in such a way
that you could relate
to human culture.
They would be like these
hermit people that were hidden
and that human would reach them
to seek for advice, for wisdom,
and to ask for them for
information about what
to do in their lives
in their civilization.
When the Ice Age
ended and the Neymir
had to go back to North Pole,
closer to the North Pole
and closer to the
South Pole, the Sofhir
were ruling the whole planet.
So that's why normally in
the most hottest regions
of the planet
between the tropics,
they kind of rise this empire
of civilization that they had.
The most important moment
for Reptilians in history
was when they achieved the
biggest portal on Earth, which
is the heart of the snake.
The heart of the snake
is what we call now Iran.
In that region,
they have the power
of the heart of the snake.
The wisdom of all
the human history
is in the desert
of Zagros Mountain.
So they start to
create this idea
that they were the
most important beings
in this planet, and
they had the ability
to control the emotions of
every being surrounding them
so they can work for them.
That's why they were
so difficult to handle,
because they were
not bad for us,
they did a lot of
good things for us,
but if we would do something
different from what they
wanted, they would conquer us.
So the Reptilians split
in different hot regions
of the planet, and
they had the knowledge
within of how to survive
in different planets.
They had the knowledge of
how to handle emotions.
They had cold blood, so that's
why they knew how to handle
the energy of their bodies
and to decide when shut it up
or when turn it on, something
that we mammals cannot do.
It's more difficult for us.
So they were able to achieve
all the information that they
had within, and they were
the builders of wisdom
in this planet.
So that's why all the gods and
goddess of history at first
they were snakes--
all regions in the planet, like
in the outback of Australia,
in India with the kundalini
concept with naga,
all the ideas of the dragons
in the Mediterranean Sea,
in China, Japan, the
god snake in Mexico,
in all North America, the
sacred snake of the Amazonia,
every snake in Egypt that we
can see the kings and queens
with the snake in the head.
So snakes were the most
important beings for us
because they gave us knowledge.
They gave us the information
of how to rule ourselves.
They gave us everything
that we could possibly
understand in this planet.
So that's why they became
a symbol of wisdom,
a symbol of enlightenment.
We should not think about
them like we do now,
because we think about them from
the Christianity perspective,
and Christianity perspective
has only 2,000 years,
and history of
humanity has much more.
And in all the
history of humanity,
they honor the Reptilians
because of everything
that they gave to us.
For every human civilization,
every human culture
at the very beginning,
they have one clear thing
that everything that creates
life, it's god in shape, it's
god in matter.
So that's why, from the
very beginning in history
for all humans, women were god.
They knew that women were just
an extension of the creator.
So that's why we call
the universe the goddess.
That's why, in the
history of humanity,
women were the most
important beings because they
were able to create life.
Because of that,
in order to create,
you need a lot of emotion.
You cannot create without
emotions because you need a lot
of energy to create life.
So that's why women were
related to a lot of energy,
a lot of emotion,
and that energy
had to be aligned in the process
of connecting with the goddess,
with the spiritual process.
And this energy that makes it
flow, that makes it create,
it has the spin shape of
a snake through the body.
And that's why humanity
decided the shape of the snake
as something related to
the mother, to the goddess.
This shape of the snake
meant that the energy
flow to enlightenment was so
similar to the Reptilians.
So Reptilians and women
were working together
to create new civilizations,
to create new realities.
Reptilians were the
ones teaching women
how to create life and how
to handle men on earth, how
to create a society ruled
by the emotion of women
and by the wisdom of creator.
So they became the
first priestess,
the first shaman of
history to understand
how everything worked.
And to understand that, they had
to understand that the universe
had the shape of a tree.
So they start to talk
about this big tree that
has all the information,
and the fruits of the tree
is all this wisdom that we
have to achieve in our lives.
So in history, every
culture had this sacred tree
and the snake that
teach the women how
to handle that information.
The problem was after
Reptilians when Aesir came
and they wanted to rule the
world in a different way.
Now, Aesir in the
Persian region,
they call it the Anunnaki,
and they were also
very tall and giants.
But they were totally different
from what the Neymir was.
So they start to rule
society, and they
start to create this new
order of civilization.
The Aesir took the
power of the reptiles,
and they started to rule the
planet through the wisdom
of the reptiles.
So that's why they use the
symbols of the snake people
to rule humanity
in their own ways.
So they took men to do the
control of the society,
and that made that the
Reptilians and women
were taking for the same thing.
And that's why we have
now with Christianity
saying that the
snake rule the women,
and that's why we
are a mess today.
Today, in our culture, we
barely have information
from the Neymir, only stories.
But these stories tell us
about the keepers of wisdom.
For example, one of
the most known stories
was this Giant that was
taking care of a sacred tree
that its fruits were
the runes, and Odin
was the god of the
Nordic people that
went to take the
information from that Giant
and took that wisdom from the
runes and gave it to humanity,
and because they
were the keepers
of the ice of the planet,
in return to that,
he had to give an eye.
So that's why Odin doesn't have
an eye, because of the wisdom
that he achieved from
that tree of the Giant.
So we have today this idea
that the Giants were really
rude with us, but
they were the keepers
of something really special
and something really important.
That was the concept
of our culture
as humans today, that
in order to achieve
our goals in society, we
have to become bigger.
We have to be like
them because they
were the keepers of that
wisdom, of that information.
So in the other hand, we have
the Sofhir, the Reptilians,
and they are still very
connected to our civilization
because they are the ones
that control our emotions.
So we are still--
even if we have all
this information
and we have the science and we
have the knowledge of ourselves
and we have improved the
civilization so much,
we are still bounded
and ruled by emotions
because we don't know
how to handle them.
That's why we need these
kind of systems of control,
and that's why we used to
think that the presidents
and the queens and all these
important people in the planet,
they are Reptilians.
But they are not
Reptilians real.
They hold information
of the Reptilians
because they were the keepers
of the information of the wisdom
of the alchemist,
and that information
was learned by the Mason
people in the Middle East,
and they brought it to Europe.
And then with the rebirth
of science and arts,
the Illuminati took
that information again.
So the rulers of the new
system of the New World Order,
they took that same information
that Reptilians used
to have in history of humanity.
So that's why our
system is ruled
by the concept of
survival, and that's
why whenever you think in
your life, I need to survive,
I need to eat, I need to
fight against something,
it's your reptilian
brain who's talking.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode, we will
explore the moon and Anunnaki
and how these two species
created a civilization
structure for the
humans to transcend.